We all deserve a voice assistant
that doesn’t harvest our data
and limit features.
That's why we're rapidly
advancing our open source,
privacy-focused voice
assistant for the home,
and this led us to build high-quality
hardware to help more people
participate in its development
and to allow anyone
to preview the future of voice today.
And our goal is ambitious
not just to match
existing voice assistants,
but to surpass them.
We're already supporting languages
that big tech ignores,
all while running fully
local in your home.
The era of open, private voice assistants
begins now.
And we would love for you
to be a part of it.